Fix cortexCoreIR (#19877)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/1_3_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Investigation & Response

> - Fixed an issue where **retrieve_file_details_command** missed an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***core-retrieve-file-details*** failed on missing argument.
```
